README.rst, before:

.. kenkyusha_proj README.rst

   last updated: 2022-02-04
   file created: 2020-23-03

BAC Research Team Spring 2020: Boosting with Noise
==================================================

Project folder for the BAC Research Team's study of boosting algorithm
performance on noisy data sets.

This project was motivated by prior experiences with AdaBoost being defeated by
label noise, a known shortcoming, and theoretical curiosity with regards to
gradient boosting, the robustness of boosting to noise, XGBoost, and the
XGBoost implementation.

   **Remark.** Evaluation times stored in the output pickles should be taken
   with a grain of salt. The machine running evaluations suffered mechanical
   damage to its cooling fan and has since become much slower.

How to use
----------

Simply ``git clone`` this repository onto your local machine and browse around.
If you are interested in reproducing our results, please execute
``noisyeval.py`` with an appropriate JSON configuration file, say
``foo.json``, either with ``./noisyeval.py foo.json`` in the ``bash`` shell or
by invoking ``python noisyeval.py foo.json``. By default, the ``warm_start``
field in the configuration files is set to 1 (true), so ``noisyeval.py`` will
only compute results if there is no preexisting output pickle hanging out in
the specified output directory.

Please read ``doc/config_format.md`` for instructions on how to write your own
JSON model configurations.

Directories
-----------

Below are some brief descriptions of the directories in this repository.

``config``
   Contains the JSON configuration files used to produce experimental results.

``data``
   Contains all the data used for this project. The raw CSV data files
   downloaded from OpenML are in ``data/csv_raw``, where the [minimally]
   cleaned CSV data files used for model evaluation are in ``data/csv_clean``.

``doc``
   Contains relevant documentation. File ``data_descs.md`` contains
   descriptions for each of the 16 data sets we used in this project, and file
   ``config_format.md`` contains instructions on how to interpret and write
   your own JSON configuration files to feed to ``noisyeval.py``, the script we
   used for evaluating the models.

``kyulib``
   A local Python package containing the [little] library code used for this
   project. Each function and class in the module files, as well as the module
   files themselves, are documented with docstrings.

``results``
   Contains the main experimental results from running ``noisyeval.py`` with
   the main configuration files in ``config``. Output files are Python pickles,
   with PNG files for the average ELA/RLA plots.

   **Remark.** For info on ELA and RLA, see `this paper`__ or read the
   docstrings for ``ela`` and ``rla`` in ``kyulib.metrics``.

.. __: https://doi.org/10.1016/j.neucom.2014.11.086

``slides``
   Contains a PDF set of slides which provide some background on gradient
   boosting and XGBoost, explain our experimental setup and results, and state
   our conclusions and some future considerations. An abridged version, not
   included here, was presented to fellow Spring 2020 BAC Advanced Team members.

``test``
   Contains a copy of a few data sets from ``data`` and some sample
   configurations used during project development. ``test/config`` contains
   JSON config files, ``test/data`` contains the sample data sets, and
   ``test/results`` has some sample evaluation results. Runtimes for the
   configs in ``test/config`` are much shorter than those used to produce the
   results in the main ``results`` directory, i.e. completing in the order of
   minutes, not days.

Commit message:

README.rst: fix some wording

README.rst, after:

.. kenkyusha_proj README.rst

   last updated: 2022-02-04
   file created: 2020-23-03

BAC Research Team Spring 2020: Boosting with Noise
==================================================

Project folder for the BAC Research Team's study of boosting algorithm
performance on noisy data sets.

This project was originally motivated by prior experiences with AdaBoost being
defeated by label noise, which is a known shortcoming. Theoretical curiosity
with regards to gradient boosting, the robustness of boosting to noise,
XGBoost, and the XGBoost implementation itself, also contributed significantly
to the project's direction.

   **Remark.** Evaluation times stored in the output pickles should be taken
   with a grain of salt. The machine running evaluations suffered mechanical
   damage to its cooling fan and has since become much slower.

How to use
----------

Simply ``git clone`` this repository onto your local machine and browse around.
If you are interested in reproducing our results, please execute
``noisyeval.py`` with an appropriate JSON configuration file, say
``foo.json``, either with ``./noisyeval.py foo.json`` in the ``bash`` shell or
by invoking ``python noisyeval.py foo.json``. By default, the ``warm_start``
field in the configuration files is set to 1 (true), so ``noisyeval.py`` will
only compute results if there is no preexisting output pickle hanging out in
the specified output directory.

Please read ``doc/config_format.md`` for instructions on how to write your own
JSON model configurations.

Directories
-----------

Below are some brief descriptions of the directories in this repository.

``config``
   Contains the JSON configuration files used to produce experimental results.

``data``
   Contains all the data used for this project. The raw CSV data files
   downloaded from OpenML are in ``data/csv_raw``, where the [minimally]
   cleaned CSV data files used for model evaluation are in ``data/csv_clean``.

``doc``
   Contains relevant documentation. File ``data_descs.md`` contains
   descriptions for each of the 16 data sets we used in this project, and file
   ``config_format.md`` contains instructions on how to interpret and write
   your own JSON configuration files to feed to ``noisyeval.py``, the script we
   used for evaluating the models.

``kyulib``
   A local Python package containing the [little] library code used for this
   project. Each function and class in the module files, as well as the module
   files themselves, are documented with docstrings.

``results``
   Contains the main experimental results from running ``noisyeval.py`` with
   the main configuration files in ``config``. Output files are Python pickles,
   with PNG files for the average ELA/RLA plots.

   **Remark.** For info on ELA and RLA, see `this paper`__ or read the
   docstrings for ``ela`` and ``rla`` in ``kyulib.metrics``.

.. __: https://doi.org/10.1016/j.neucom.2014.11.086

``slides``
   Contains a PDF set of slides which provide some background on gradient
   boosting and XGBoost, explain our experimental setup and results, and state
   our conclusions and some future considerations. An abridged version, not
   included here, was presented to fellow Spring 2020 BAC Advanced Team members.

``test``
   Contains a copy of a few data sets from ``data`` and some sample
   configurations used during project development. ``test/config`` has JSON
   config files, ``test/data`` has the sample data sets, and ``test/results``
   has sample evaluation results. Runtimes for the configs in ``test/config``
   are much shorter than those used to produce the results in ``results``, i.e.
   completing in the order of minutes, not days.
