doc/data_descs.md, before:

# Data set descriptions

_last updated: 05-18-2020_  
_file created: 04-07-2020_

Brief descriptions and OpenML links to the 16 data sets we used to evaluate average model performance.

## breast-w

The Breast Cancer Wisconsin (Original) data set. 699 data points, 9 features, and 2 target classes. However, after cleaning out input rows with missing values encoded as '?', number of remaining data points dropped to 683. OpenML link [here](https://www.openml.org/d/15).

## diabetes

The Pima Indians diabetes data set. 768 data points, 8 features, and 2 target classes. OpenML link [here](https://www.openml.org/d/37).

## iris

The classic iris data set. 150 data points, 4 features, and 3 target classes. OpenML link [here](https://www.openml.org/d/61).

## isolet

The Isolated Letter Speech Recognition data set. 7797 data points, 617 features, and 26 target classes. OpenML link [here](https://www.openml.org/d/300).

## MiceProtein

Expression levels for 77 types of mice proteins measured in the cerebral cortex of 8 classes of mice. 1080 data points, 81 features, and 8 target classes. However, after removing rows with '?' entries and dropping ignored features, number of data points dropped to 552, and the number of features dropped to 77. OpenML link [here](https://www.openml.org/d/40966). 

## mushroom

Descriptions of hypothetical samples of 23 different species of Agaricus and Lepiota mushrooms. 8124 data points, 22 features, and 2 target classes. However, after binarizing the features, which were all categorical, the number of features increased to a total of 118 one-hot features. Note that the `stalk-root` feature, which was the only feature that contained missing values, had the presence of missing values coded as another one-hot feature. OpenML link [here](https://www.openml.org/d/24).

## nursery

Data set derived from a hierarchical decision model used for ranking nursery school applications in the 1980s when there was excessive nursery school enrollment in Ljubljana, Slovenia. 12960 data points, 8 features, and 5 target classes. However, after binarizing the features, which were all categorical, the number of features increased to 27 one-hot features. OpenML link [here](https://www.openml.org/d/26).

## optdigits

Handwritten digits for optical recognition, from UCI. 5620 data points, 64 features, 10 target classes. OpenML link [here](https://www.openml.org/d/28).

## PhishingWebsites

Data set of features used for predicting whether a website is a phishing website or not, from UCI. 11055 data points, 30 features, and 2 target classes. However, after binarizing the features, which were all categorical, the number of features increased to 68 one-hot features. Information about the original features can be found in the document [here](https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/machine-learning-databases/00327/Phishing%20Websites%20Features.docx). OpenML link [here](https://www.openml.org/d/4534).

## semeion

The Semeion Handwritten Digit Data Set. 1593 data points, 256 features, 10 target classes. OpenML link [here](https://www.openml.org/d/1501).

## spambase

Spam email data set, from UCI. 4601 data points, 57 features, 2 target classes. OpenML link [here](https://www.openml.org/d/44).

## splice

Primate splice-junction gene sequences. 3190 data points, 60 features, 3 target classes. OpenML link [here](https://www.openml.org/d/46).

## steel-plates-fault

## vertebra-column

## wdbc

## yeast

Other data set descriptions to be added.

Commit message:

updated splice data set description to reflect binarizing of features

doc/data_descs.md, after:

# Data set descriptions

_last updated: 05-18-2020_  
_file created: 04-07-2020_

Brief descriptions and OpenML links to the 16 data sets we used to evaluate average model performance.

## breast-w

The Breast Cancer Wisconsin (Original) data set. 699 data points, 9 features, and 2 target classes. However, after cleaning out input rows with missing values encoded as '?', number of remaining data points dropped to 683. OpenML link [here](https://www.openml.org/d/15).

## diabetes

The Pima Indians diabetes data set. 768 data points, 8 features, and 2 target classes. OpenML link [here](https://www.openml.org/d/37).

## iris

The classic iris data set. 150 data points, 4 features, and 3 target classes. OpenML link [here](https://www.openml.org/d/61).

## isolet

The Isolated Letter Speech Recognition data set. 7797 data points, 617 features, and 26 target classes. OpenML link [here](https://www.openml.org/d/300).

## MiceProtein

Expression levels for 77 types of mice proteins measured in the cerebral cortex of 8 classes of mice. 1080 data points, 81 features, and 8 target classes. However, after removing rows with '?' entries and dropping ignored features, number of data points dropped to 552, and the number of features dropped to 77. OpenML link [here](https://www.openml.org/d/40966). 

## mushroom

Descriptions of hypothetical samples of 23 different species of Agaricus and Lepiota mushrooms. 8124 data points, 22 features, and 2 target classes. However, after binarizing the features, which were all categorical, the number of features increased to a total of 118 one-hot features. Note that the `stalk-root` feature, which was the only feature that contained missing values, had the presence of missing values coded as another one-hot feature. OpenML link [here](https://www.openml.org/d/24).

## nursery

Data set derived from a hierarchical decision model used for ranking nursery school applications in the 1980s when there was excessive nursery school enrollment in Ljubljana, Slovenia. 12960 data points, 8 features, and 5 target classes. However, after binarizing the features, which were all categorical, the number of features increased to 27 one-hot features. OpenML link [here](https://www.openml.org/d/26).

## optdigits

Handwritten digits for optical recognition, from UCI. 5620 data points, 64 features, 10 target classes. OpenML link [here](https://www.openml.org/d/28).

## PhishingWebsites

Data set of features used for predicting whether a website is a phishing website or not, from UCI. 11055 data points, 30 features, and 2 target classes. However, after binarizing the features, which were all categorical, the number of features increased to 68 one-hot features. Information about the original features can be found in the document [here](https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/machine-learning-databases/00327/Phishing%20Websites%20Features.docx). OpenML link [here](https://www.openml.org/d/4534).

## semeion

The Semeion Handwritten Digit Data Set. 1593 data points, 256 features, 10 target classes. OpenML link [here](https://www.openml.org/d/1501).

## spambase

Spam email data set, from UCI. 4601 data points, 57 features, 2 target classes. OpenML link [here](https://www.openml.org/d/44).

## splice

Primate splice-junction gene sequences. 3190 data points, 60 features, 3 target classes. However, after binarizing the features, which were all categorical, the number of features increased to 287 one-hot features. OpenML link [here](https://www.openml.org/d/46).

## steel-plates-fault

## vertebra-column

## wdbc

## yeast

Other data set descriptions to be added.
